Analyze the code of inference-sim here with a focus on how it is used and how performance is modeled within BLIS, specifically any explicit or implicit roofline-related assumptions or implementations. Summarize findings concisely in a markdown file named blis.md, emphasizing insights relevant to roofline modeling.


research 
Analyze the two provided papers — https://arxiv.org/pdf/2503.16893 and https://arxiv.org/pdf/2402.16363
 — extracting key insights relevant to roofline llm inference performance modeling, computational cost, and efficiency, and summarize your findings clearly in a markdown file named research.md.



vllm
Analyze vLLM source code here https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm with a focus on its scheduler, step time breakdown, and GPU compute vs. memory behavior. Identify key performance characteristics and insights relevant to roofline modeling, and summarize them concisely in a markdown file named vllm.md.


automation
now new task. go over @eval and understand there are multiple (4 directories) each for ground truth data we collected.. understand each file and their format under those directories, and create a script to create a final ground_truth.json dictionary to have model name,  vllm config from exp-config files, 


action

So @vllm.md includes vllm related info, @blis.md is for how current blis roofline modeling works, @research.md gives insights about roofline modeling in literature


prompt to create final dictionary
final dictionary
model = codallama
vllm config
per qps latencies, reqids

priompot to run blis against ground turth and record error




So @vllm.md includes vllm related info, @blis.md is for how current blis roofline modeling works, @research.md gives insights about roofline modeling in literature. Please take a look at how blis implements roofline modeling and how to utilize it.. Improve roofline modeling by using insights on the md files I shared. When you improve algorithm, evaluate it using the script @evaluate.py. Record what has changed and why in progress.md, and record error from evalaute.py for each algoirthm you tried.. Try to minimize error please. Important note: do not modify inference-sim scheduler at all, just adjust roofline approach only..


